Docs for skip broken symlinks (#1272)
conan-io/docs: reference/config_files/conan.conf.rst

The ``cacert_path`` variable lets the user specify a custom path to the *cacert.pem* file to use
in requests. You can also adjust this value using the environment variable ``CONAN_CACERT_PATH``.

> The ``skip_broken_symlinks_check`` variable, defaulted to False, lets to ignore broken symlinks while creating a package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``skip_broken_symlinks_check`` variable (defaulted to ``False``) allows the existence broken symlinks while creating a package.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
